♪
[grunting]
[Isaac]
Your father took
something from me.
[muffled screaming]
If you want it back,
you're gonna have to do
something for me.
-[slicing]
-[grunting]
[Felipe]
You heard from Luisa?
No, nothing.
When we get home,
she-she'll be there.
-[crying]
-Right?
It's fine with "Uncle Gilly,"
but you'd have to leave that.
Would you for your son?
He needs his father.
-[Creeper] So, who's the rat?
-[Katie] EZ Reyes.
Is there an update from Creeper?
[Hank]
Says he's close.
Whoever this rat is,
we'll get him.
Hank, you got to listen
to me, bro.
-[slicing]
-[grunting]
Hello?
[line beeping]
[Hank]
Creep?
[laughter]
Shit was just more
simple back then.
That's just 'cause it's
in the rearview.
'Cause it was complicated
as fuck, real time.
Damn it.
[gasping]
That's for my father,
motherfucker.
♪ I should have been smarter♪
♪ I should have been stronger♪
♪ I should have been you...♪
You think EZ is...
Everybody knows why
you did what you did.
It's fucked.
We're fucked.
But we got you.
You knew my pop?
A little bit.
Did you like him?
He was loud.
And I don't know why
anyone would want
to lead their kid
into this life.
But Ibarra was
a down-ass motherfucker.
He got locked up
when I was pretty young.
My mom split from him.
[chuckles]
-All I ever wanted was--
-What any kid wants.
For our dad
to tell us they're proud.
♪ I should have been
smarter...♪
I feel like I was just
getting to know him.
And those motherfuckers
took him from me again.
Yeah, well...
Look at 'em now.
♪ Now, I ain't...♪
[siren wailing in distance]
[passenger door closes]
[grunts softly]
Goddamn! I think one
of them shit themselves.
I thought that was you.
Be careful.
-[thudding]
-Ow!
Trust me, he didn't feel it.
[grunting]
Have some respect
for the dead, man.
[grunting]
[straining]
Damn.
How fucking weak are you?
Fuck you. Mine's heavier.
-Let's switch.
-Are you fucking serious?
[grunting]
Your dad would be proud.
Yeah.
[spits]
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Hey, how are we gonna make sure
the Bastards find 'em
before some fucker pulls up
and calls it in?
Ring the buzzer.
What?
You go ring that fucking buzzer.
Let's shoot for it.
Fine.
-Rock, paper, scissors.
Fuck you.
You caused this shit.
You're doing it.
[Guero]
Fuck.
[van door closes]
Ding-dong ditching
motherfucking dead bodies.
-[exhales]
-[engine starts]
-[horn honking]
-Oh, fuck.
What the fuck?
[engine revs]
Yo, bro, what the fuck?
[Downer laughing]
[tires screeching]
♪
♪ Call on the shadows,
they live in the meadows♪
♪ And seen by the swallows
at dusk in their hollows♪
♪ They suck at the tips
and whittle with nips♪
♪ Till the berries, like bees,
run dry at the knees♪
[indistinct TV dialogue]
[quietly]
Okay.
Hey!
What are you doing?
I-I-I was, um...
I-I was just...
Um...
I know.
It can be weird here at first.
Johnny is always talking
in those fucking rhymes
and Chip is mad grumpy.
But it's all love. You're good.
You're safe.
Actually, I-I... [chuckles]
I just really need to pee.
I don't know how y'all do it
with just that one bathroom
in the farmhouse.
[laughs]
The world is yours, girl.
Free to pee wherever you want.
But watch out for rattlesnakes.
Ranch is full of sidewinders.
[clears throat]
Yeah.
[keys jingling]
[snoring]
[knocking rapidly]
[knocking]
[grunts]
Son?
Give me a minute.
♪
Why are you here?
I want to show you something.
That's funny. [laughs]
Dad, stop.
What? This is my famous
French toast.
-Famous to who?
-Me.
-Exactly.
-[laughter]
-[phone buzzing]
♪ He saw a little bird
fly out...♪
Okay, everybody knows
about the nutmeg.
But they forget about
the vanilla extract.
And a little pinch of salt
to make it more sweet.
-That makes no sense.
-[phone buzzing]
♪ So he went to the feather
house and made him...♪
Tessa, you used to love it
when you were little.
[phone buzzing]
♪ He said, "I'm gonna fly"♪
You gonna get that?
♪ "If it costs me my life"♪
♪ So he walked out the door
and he...♪
Yeah.
♪ He saw a building,
I'd say, 40 stories high...♪
[sizzling]
[Tessa] Master Chef,
your masterpiece is burning.
Geez.
[urinating]
[Sally whimpering]
Really?
[toilet flushing]
[Sally whines]
[Sofía grunts]
[Sally whimpers, barks]
What?
[whimpers]
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
[Sally barking]
[Sofía sighs]
She's being so weird.
She won't leave me alone.
Creeper loved you, baby.
He wouldn't want you
to punish yourself.
[engines approaching]
[engines shut off]
EZ.
That war of yours?
Now it's ours.
Sons think
they can intimidate us?
No.
Nobody threatens
the Grim Bastards.
Black and Brown unite.
[engines start]
♪
[engine starts]
-And what else?
-Every-- How the fuck
am I supposed to know?
What, do I look
like a fucking chemist?
Some drug shit.
And-and making pills
or something.
These women, they're trying
to do good.
It's not fair.
It's the fucking Mayans' fault.
The fairer sex always
pay the price of war.
Dragged through
a village square,
head shaved for smiling
at a German soldier.
Running naked down a...
...down a village road
dripping napalm.
You should have all
been born boys.
Is this where
my father shot you?
Coco couldn't even
do that right.
But someday...
someone will.
Give me Hope.
Where the fuck is she?
Bring her out.
Where is Hope?
Where the fuck is Hope?
You fucking promised me that
you were gonna give me Hope.
I did what you told me to.
I gave you what the fuck
the Mayans were doing
with the Broken Saints.
The Broken Saints that took
you in, did they feed you?
-[exclaims]
-Did they tend to your
self-inflicted wounds, hmm?
What kind of idiot
trusts a liar, hmm?
Give me fucking Hope! I said--
You chose a sister
over the sisterhood.
You should be proud.
You're more like Coco
than I thought.
Give me fucking Hope!
Hope! Hope!
Whatever happens next
is your fault.
Hope!
[growls]
Fucking give me Hope!
[door opens]
[rock music playing faintly]
Help me.
-Please.
-I can't.
Someone has to.
-You know how he is.
-[Isaac whistles]
How am I? Hmm?
Great!
Thanks for asking.
[inhales deeply]
Hi...
I told you no food until...
This clarity is ugly on you.
Hmm.
Let's put some Vaseline
on the lens.
She's gonna come for me.
Who?
Letty.
She's gonna come for me.
[chair rattling]
Oh, tiger.
She's long forgotten about you.
She hasn't.
She'll come.
She always does.
If she does...
...I'll tear off her wings
in front of you.
I'll set her on fire
and I'll hold your hair back
while you watch.
Hmm?
You can deny gravity, but...
momentum always brings you
back to me.
Sweet little Judas wolf.
Whose den will you
lead us to next?
Hmm?
The men have business,
and since you two girls
like to gossip,
you can stay behind
and braid each other's hair.
[crying]
[sniffles]
-[car door closes]
-[Rae] Oh, for fuck's sake!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
[Paul]
Oh, so it's all my fault?
[Rae]
Just go, Paul.
[Paul]
No, I am not fucking leaving.
[Rae]
Think of what you're doing,
you piece of shit.
[Paul] [chuckles]
That's right, I'm the asshole.
-[Rae] Are you serious?
-Oh, come on, just
-give me a break, all right?
-You've been fucking
drinking, Paul.
You fucking drove drunk
with my child!
-He's my child!
He's my fucking child, too!
-Hey, hey.
Get your fucking hands off me!
You think you can show up
and tear my family apart?
I've been his father
for 12 years!
For 12 years it's been me!
You gave up your right to be
his father! You gave him up!
What's he talking about?
-He's my kid!
-[Rae] Paul, shut up!
-[grunting]
-Hey.
[grunting]
[Jacob]
Dad!
Stop it! Stop!
Stop it! Stop it!
[coughing]
Dad, are you okay?
Talk to me. Are you okay?
[Paul coughing]
[Miguel]
This man...
was not perfect.
He was quick to anger.
And the...
charm, the...
gregariousness was...
...only for the world.
At home, my mother and I
got someone more...
complicated.
[sighs]
But he was there.
He held my hand as a young boy.
He read stories,
taught me to get back up
when I fell.
He took pride in me.
In my accomplishments.
In the man he got
to see me become.
Which is thanks... to him.
Not you.
I knew your father.
We were from the same village.
He was a bastard.
I know what he was capable of.
[scoffs]
You... [sighs]
You were his errand boy.
Right? He hired you
to protect my mother.
And you betrayed him.
What kind of man does that?
Your mother and I...
You were conceived
with love, son.
But I was raised on a lie.
And this man...
had to know.
And still, he treated me
like his own.
He earned...
He earned to
be called my father.
The only thing a father
can ask of his son...
...is to forgive his mistakes.
I don't forgive you.
I forgive him.
I forgive this "bastard"
who raised your son.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[tools whirring, clanking]
[Hicks]
You try replacing the cams?
I tried everything.
Engine kicks
like a son of a bitch,
but then, when you hit 60,
it dies.
Sounds more spiritual
than mechanical.
Brother, you wouldn't
know the half of it.
[gun cocks]
[Alvarez]
Diaz...
was my brother, ese.
My best friend.
And you motherfuckers
gunned him down.
I heard about your club's vote.
Couldn't believe it.
Who pulled the trigger?
Put that down, motherfucker,
or I'll put him down.
Who did it? Tell me.
I don't know nothing about Diaz.
Oakland and Charming
had a truce.
Happy thought the same thing.
Happy?
Reyes brothers shot him
down in Twentynine Palms.
Well, unless you want
to join him, ese...
I'm gonna need a name.
Try your own backyard.
We're all down for the trip,
brother, but you Mayans?
You kill each other
more than we kill you.
It wasn't us.
You all want to kill
each other so fucking bad?
Fucking go ahead.
Dropping Diaz and Jinx off
at the Grim Bastards' gate...
that was a gamble.
It's paid off.
With Lucky on board,
we now have all the players.
Whites, Blacks, Iron War.
Puts SAMCRO in a corner
they can't get out of.
What happened to Creep
can't ever happen
to another brother again.
[sighs]
Don't take it so hard.
Creep went out a warrior.
He went out a Mayan.
What the fuck is this?
[engine shuts off]
I love you...
but I won't let you fuck up
this kid's life anymore.
Man, you walked out on your
own kid like a fucking coward.
[sniffles]
You're a piece of shit.
I am.
That's why I need you
to be better.
How do you live with it?
All the shit we did.
Don't you ever think about 'em?
That little girl...
you threw off the roof.
The grandmother,
kids in the car.
I don't.
I can't.
I need you to go into that
building because I never could.
I need you to be tougher
than me.
For Jacob.
I've always been tougher
than you.
[sniffles]
You still punch like a bitch.
[Gilly scoffs]
I can tell. The way your nose
is hanging off your face.
[chuckling]
Sh-Shit.
I was born this way.
[sighs]
Rae...
I wouldn't do that.
Not to a brother.
Nothing happened.
[sighs]
I'll try, man.
I'll try.
[sighs]
Forward... march.
[motorcycle engines revving]
Don't tell anyone
where you got that.
-[woman screaming]
-[glass shattering]
♪ Don't want excuses♪
♪ I've heard 'em all♪
♪ You think you're rising...♪
-[music turns off]
-[woman groans]
-Fucking shoot her!
-Come on, Hope, we're leaving!
Come on, Hope!
We're fucking leaving!
Oh, you fucking bitch!
[screams]
[whimpers]
Go.
[woman groaning nearby]
-[Leticia] Come on.
-[woman] Fuck.
Fuck. Fucking call 911.
-Fucking call 91--
-[gunshot]
No!
Run, run.
Fucking go! Fucking go!
["Heroes" by Moby
featuring Mindy Jones playing]
[engine shuts off]
[Yvette]
My crazy-ass brother Neron,
or as you all called him,
Creeper, was intense.
Sometimes too intense.
But that's because he cared
so much about his family.
And about you all.
He and I...
We had to survive the plane
crash that was our family.
When our mom was too fucked-up
to take care of us...
...Neron'd make sure
that we were fed.
[sobbing]
And that we had clothes.
[chuckles softly]
He also scared away every
boyfriend I ever tried to have.
-[chuckling]
-But when he met the Mayans,
I was so happy for him.
I'd never seen him so at home.
So at peace.
Like he was when he was
with you, his brothers.
Thank you, Hank.
Bishop. Angel.
Y Taza, gracias.
♪ You can be mean♪
Especially EZ.
You meant the world
to my brother.
♪ And I...♪
My brother cared
about you so much.
[sniffles]
You were all his world,
and I'll forever
be thankful for it.
♪ And that is a fact♪
♪ Yeah, we're lovers♪
♪ That is that♪
♪ Though nothing♪
♪ Will keep us together♪
♪ We could steal time♪
♪ Just for one day♪
I killed my brother.
I killed Creeper.
It was on my watch.
♪ I...♪
If I'd...
I'd made different decisions
or acted faster
to make alliances,
he'd still be here.
♪ By the wall...♪
[sighs]
I couldn't protect him.
♪ And the guns♪
And I'll never
forgive myself for that.
♪ Shot above our heads♪
♪ And we kissed...♪
Creeper's old lady.
What's her name again?
Kody.
♪ Just for one day.♪
[shaky breath]
[sniffling]
[Leticia]
Okay.
No one's following us.
We're good. [panting]
Are you sure you're okay?
They didn't hurt you, right?
Right? Okay. Okay, we're good.
[panting]
He'll find us.
No, uh-uh,
not if we keep moving.
We can go to Ohio. Get jobs.
I told you about Chucky, right?
Yeah? I mean,
he'll know what to do.
Fucking Isaac is never
gonna find us.
He will.
[ragged inhale]
-Pull over.
-What?
Stop the car.
No. What? Hope, we can't.
-Stop.
-We can't.
Stop the fucking car, Letty!
Stop the fucking car!
-Okay! Okay! I'll stop!
-Stop the car!
Hope! Hope!
Hope, what are you doing?
-Fuck. Hope.
-[horn blaring]
Hope!
Yo. Hey.
-[panting]
-You okay?
-[crying]
-Hope.
[panting]
Hope, what-what's going on?
Thank you.
What? For what?
For giving me a home.
-For being my best friend.
-Okay, Hope,
you're kind of freaking me out
right now.
These last months have been
the best of my life.
And I won't ever let that
get ruined.
He's gonna keep coming.
He's gonna keep coming for me.
And he'll hurt you.
What are you talking about?
I love you.
Now I have to set you free.
-No, Hope!
-[horn blaring]
-No! No! Hope!
-[tires screeching]
[crying]
Hope!
No. No.
[sobbing]
Hope!
[Maverick crying]
["I Can Go With You"
by Sam Burton playing]
♪ I can go with you♪
♪ But only so far♪
♪ You glide on the water♪
♪ And I fall on the shore♪
♪ I let my hand♪
♪ Not so long to fade♪
♪ I was a little younger♪
♪ Now I learned too late♪
♪ Across the river♪
♪ Are you waiting for me?♪
♪ Well, if I was
a little bigger♪
♪ I'd go and see♪
♪ Sprawl across my time♪
♪ It's nothing,
really, to mourn♪
♪ But I can't reach the angels♪
♪ And I cannot hear their horn♪
♪ No, I cannot reach
the angels♪
♪ And I cannot hear
their horn.♪
-[hard rock playing]
-[rowdy chatter]
Hey, where's Cielo?
Jess is a fucking no-show.
And Cielo can't answer
a phone call.
It's all right.
I'm sure Cielo will turn up.
If she does,
it's her fucking funeral.
[music and chatter continue]
[sighs]
Sneaking out?
Was hoping no one would notice.
Clubhouse got a fresh
coat of paint.
You find what you were
looking for out there?
Guess it ain't
nowhere to be found.
Guess it ain't.
[sighs]
Coco. Now Creep.
This war's worse
than the last one.
Looks like you left
just in time.
Didn't have much of a choice.
And now?
You leaving again?
The past--
Is just that.
It's the fucking past.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
What's hell if you can't
enjoy it with your friends?
Would be a fucking stupid time
to come back.
No one ever said I was
particularly smart.
[sighs]
[door opens]
I know your ass didn't think
you're going to Broken Saints
without me.
Uh, I wouldn't dream of it.
Then let's go, motherfucker.
[engine starts]
[engine shuts off]
-You going?
-Yeah.
We asked a lot of you.
I'm sorry.
He's confused.
He'll need time.
We'll need time.
Paul?
He's gonna give it a try.
I think he'll make it work.
We're all so fucked-up.
What did we bring Jacob into?
Thank you.
For being an incredible
mother and friend.
We're just surviving.
Ain't nothing more
any of us can do.
We're lucky we're even here.
Better than us ain't.
So you should make more of it.
Too far gone.
Bye, Lopez.
[trunk closes]
-[shaky breaths]
-[car door closes]
[engine starts]
[TV announcer speaking Spanish]
Son?
[sighs]
I can't be there anymore, Pops.
Not without her. I just can't.
This has always been your home.
It will always be his home.
[babbling]
[sighs]
[grunts]
Will you talk to me?
What's going on in your head?
You're pulling away.
And...
I'm scared you won't be able
to find your way back.
That wewon't be able
to find our way back.
I'm just tired.
[sighs]
You're losing me.
[funk music playing faintly]
Bro, come on.
There's no fucking way
she's into you.
A girl like that? Nah. Nah.
How do you explain this?
"Need you. Come quick."
I bet you would, prospect.
I didn't for your mom.
I'm literally gonna murder you.
Shit. We need gas.
[engine shuts off]
Get out and pump
the gas, prospect.
As soon as I get out,
you're going to drive off
without me.
If I get out, you're gonna
drive off without me.
[scoffs]
Prospect, so help me,
if you don't get out
of this motherfucking van...
You'll smash me.
Exactly.
Just like I smashed your mom?
Shit. We're not gonna make it.
It's fine. We'll refill
at the ranch.
We're practically there anyway.
[engine clunking]
[engine dies]
Hank's gonna kill me.
I'm gonna kill you if you don't
get out and start pushing.
What's that?
I swear to God,
if you even think about
saying my mom one more time...
No... the fuck is that?
[explosion]
[Guero]
What the fuck?
[woman]
Goddamn it!
[coughing]
[panicked chatter]
[glass shattering]
Goddamn it!
[panicked chatter continues]
[panting]
[baby laughing]